This demo is inspired by bottom sheet component built by [James Long](https://twitter.com/jlongster).

See the discussion and original demo here: https://twitter.com/jlongster/status/1026649894348615682

A couple of gotchas:
 - bottom sheet uses my WIP react-native-interactable implementation that uses reanimated and gesture-handler under the hood. Interactable at the moment does not provide an api that would allow for defining spring resistance when dragging out of defined boundaries. It only allows to do that for all the boundaries, whereas in this case we want the bottom boundary to be fixed and the top one to be springy. Adding that functionality shouldn't be a huge issue although it may break compatibility with the original interactable.
 - I didn't spent enought time figuring out how the dismiss while scrolling interation should behave. What I ended up implementing is that we accumulate the total distance of pulling down when scrolling and we offset the bottom sheet by that. As a result you can scroll down a bit, then up and then continue scrolling down which will make the sheet slide down in two segments – sheet will be moving only when you're scrolling down. When scrolling has finished the sheet will snap to the nearest position (opened or dismissed).
  - React native does not allow for contentInset props to be animated. It is because neither animated nor reanimated supports object props (contentInset is an object with `{ top, bottom, left, right }` attributes). The easiest way to achieve it would be to expose `bottomInset` as a separate prop which would allow for it to be animated. Another downside is that Android's native ScrollView does not expose such property and hence it is not available on RN Android too. As a replacement in this demo we animate scrollview's height (this requires JS roundtrip until #45 is merged). This causes some issues when overscrolling as iOS does not seem to be handling overscroll animations properly while its layout changes (maybe disable overscroll?). This works fine on Android thought. An alternative approach was to animate height of a FlatList's footer – this, on the other hand, has a side effect of the scroller not adjusting when the sheet is open (maybe disable scroller?).
